Arkanoid 2 v1.03
by James Rubingh <acz>
james@wrive.com
http://wrive.com

Arkanoid 2 v1.03 is a game from the old Atari I believe, though
I've never played it. This version for the ti-86 has a few things
that you should know if you want to fully enjoy the game.

Arkanoid 2 uses a 256 directional ball movement engine and this 
makes directing it with the paddle interesting. If you hit the ball
on the very edge of the paddle it will change the direction of the 
ball accordingly. If you hit the ball with the middle of the paddle
the ball won't change angles other than going up when before it
was coming down.

Keys:
F1 - Save game and Exit. This is useful if you make a level set 
that has a lot of levels.
Left & right - move the paddle
Exit - Exit game
More - Pause game
Enter - during menus will select.


Bonus:
101 -  this will add to your score 501 points

|_| -  this bonus will put up a 1 hit barrier. If you have a
3 hit barrier already... it will reduce it to 1 hit, so
be care remember, "BASIC" is your enemy! stay away from it at ALL COSTS


External Levels:
To install external levels, just send the .86s file to your calc
along with the program. The level editor has it's own documentation
included in it's zip, the editor was written by Corey <ACZ>.

TitleScreen:
The title screen is the string named Ark2Scrn. Don't change it's 
name or else it will not work! If you want, you can make your own
external string file, just RLE encode a 4 level grayscale picture
and name it Ark2Scrn. Email me for more details <James@acz.org>

Have fun!

Versions:
  -----
1.0  Initial release (very buggy)

  1.02  Fixed some bugs, but then I simultaneously created
  some more

  *1.03  Fixed most of the bugs, "ACZ" bonus works, "B" bonus works
  I was thinking of adding some more anti-basic stuff, but 
  decided against it.

  --------------------
  Thanks to (in no special order):
    Corey - he made the great level editor
    Haroon - testing/comments/suggestions
    Ricky Cobb - suggestions
    Patrick Davidson - I iitle screen is the string named Ark2Scrn. Don't change its 
    name or else it will not work! 

